[Music]
hey everybody welcome back to my channel
so I'm happy that you're with me today
and I wanted to share with you an
unboxing I'm excited about this
opportunity to collaborate with Nadine
West they reached out to me right before
I was going in to have my surgery and
asked me if I would mind a collaboration
with them now what we discussed was they
would send me items to try and I would
give my honest feedback so this video is
not sponsored there was no exchange of a
sponsorship it was just honest feedback
what do you think about our items what
do you think about our website so let me
tell you a little bit about the website
and how this subscription works so it is
a subscription-based company and what
you do is you go on to their website you
create a profile you answer a online
quiz and then behind the scenes Nadine
West has one of their stylist style you
and what I mean by style you is based on
your answers to the questions from the
quiz they pick pieces for you that they
feel would fit your style and your
personality and then they send you your
subscription package in the mail and
things that they have on their website
they have tops they have bottoms they
have accessories they have jewelry
earrings necklaces I've seen wrist
jewelry their scarves they have all
kinds of things on their website it was
very easy to set up the online profile I
simply had to pick a username and
a password I put in my email address and
that's how I've been communicating with
my stylist is via email so the
individuals that Navy and West were very
easy to work with and I didn't have any
issues all I did was sign up using my
email address once I got my emails put
in I was able to log it into his website
then I could go through and look at some
of the pieces that they had and some of
the offerings that they had and one of
the things that was very helpful is they
send you your subscription packet and
this is on the website they also send
you a return label just in case their
items that you do not like or they don't
fit your bodies type or body style maybe
they're too large to be whichever if you
need to do an exchange or return they
send you a return label so all you have
to do is repackage your item stick on
the label send it back and you get
credit back for that particular item
Naveen West is offering my subscribers
for anybody who clicks on the link below
and uses the code Naveen will get free
shipping for 30 days 30 days from the
time this video goes live if you order
and use the code Naveen you're gonna get
free shipping so again remember that
they didn't pay me anything to say that
they just sent me the items and we're
gonna jump in to the package and see
what we have okay so I waited to open
this package until we could be together
so let's see what's in this package
I'm excited look at this packaging I
love hot pink it is my fave it come
nice bubble wrapped package it feels
pretty substantial because I'm not sure
exactly what is in here again remember
they build my profile and once my
profile was built they pick the items
that they thought that I would enjoy and
then they sent the package to my beer
box
okay so right off two pieces of paper
come in the in the package the first one
is a Priority Mail shipping label and
this is a return label back to Nadine
West if there's something within your
subscription that you did not like or it
didn't fit or maybe you felt like that
wasn't quite your style you can return
that item and they've already given you
the return packing label the next thing
that comes in your package is what the
items are it just says hi Shakima
they're gonna try to match your style I
took a quiz on online quizzes answer
some questions and then they put
together my profile and sent me the
things that they thought I would like
and then I'm looking over here at the
return anything it says placing a bag
insert this slip of paper put your
return label over the current label so
we can send it back in this bag and then
take the package closed and then it
asked you to also leave some feedback on
your profile so once you go through
everything and you look up everything it
says hey go back through look back look
at your things and think and leave us a
review so they gave me a couple of
things in here now just looking at this
I'm excited to see what some of these
items are there's a red top in here and
Red's my favorite there's a scarf
there's a necklace earrings a bottom and
says to top so let's see let's dig in
everything is nice and package this
package real pretty everything's
together and then it comes in pink
tissue paper and it does have their name
on it Navy and West so that's pretty
neat the excitement okay man you get a
lot of stuff okay so let's see what this
is this must be the scarf so an infinity
scarf I love this here's the infinity
scarf it's a nice material and it's nice
and wide it's a nice wide material but
of course when you wearing it as a scarf
right I'm gonna pull it together and you
can either do it this way or you could
do it a little bit shorter you know one
short one long so this I like that's
very much a Shakima thing the next thing
they sent oh these are like some
leggings kind of leggings but they're
more like the UM let me see how do I
explain it it's not the leggings
it's the joggers the top of these remind
me of the joggers but then the bottoms
remind me of a flowy legging pants even
though it's a skinny leg so the top
looks like a jogger right which i think
is cute these are gray and I really like
a grey because gray is pretty neutral
and I'm a neutral kind of girl this next
piece I already know I'm gonna love
because I just love the color this is a
oh it's an off-the-shoulder shut up oh
my goodness
I have never owned an off-the-shoulder
anything and I thought I'm gonna try
y'all I'm gonna try I'm gonna try I'm
gonna try and then I get I don't get
brave anymore and then I don't try but I
love it oh my workbook so long sleeves
right long sleeves off the shoulder I
love it
haven't even tried on and I love it
anyway and I love the so it's ribbing on
the side which is really nice I think
that's gonna pull my waist in even
though I'm an apple it's still gonna
help to pull my waist in and then it has
a curved bottom so I do like this as
well I'm excited and then oh yes oh this
is a card again look ya'll oh my
goodness
a brown cardigan isn't that cute don't
you love it I love it
can I just love it and you'd be okay I
love it so a brown cardigan look at that
I love the material
it's soft material it's a nice it's not
heavy but it is substantial if you're
going out in cooler weather I like the
details in the front and all the way
around I do love that that's so cute and
then that's the back it's a little bit
longer in the front than it is in the
back which I do like oh I love that and
then the last thing so the last thing
that was in the bag was some jewelry and
your jewelry comes in a pink drawstring
bag I'm loving the pink love pink it's
my favorite color almost other than red
red it's my favorite and then I love
this color pink so in this one bag they
have earrings and then in this bag let
me open this one because this this
pieces this is a nice piece oh my
goodness
look at this look at that look how
pretty it's like different rings larger
size and then smaller size rings
connected and then they're both
connected to this longer chain so it'll
hang longer
isn't that pretty and then to go with
that there are these gold and silver
earrings right
how pretty so this is awesome
so I'm gonna try on a couple of these
and let you see what they look like
okay so here's outfit number one I am in
love with this shirt it just makes me
feel very girly it makes me feel very
it's very comfortable and again it's
substantial in the fact that the sleeves
are longer so if you were going to go
out you could wear it out of course I
like to wear a more of a 3/4 length
sleeve so it's easy to adjust it covers
my bra strap which I am more of a modest
dresser so it does cover my bra strap it
just gives you a little hint of shoulder
so it's not all the way off the shoulder
which what my comfort level works well I
love the ribbing on the side because it
does tend to help pull my waist in and
then I love the fact that it is longer
in the front and it's actually longer I
just pulled it up because again of the
Apple so Apple for me is I like to make
sure and it's long enough that I could
give it a little bit of a rush in the
front and I feel really good I paired
this with a pair of dark denim jeans
that have a little bit of a light fade
that I got years and years ago and have
never worn them but because I have lost
so much weight I can fit them I just try
today I was excited about that so outfit
number one
[Music]
so here's another outfit that I was able
to put together combination now I
already had the black top this is
actually a dress but it's too short for
me I never wear this as a dress on its
own so I have paired it with the the
joggers that I got from Nadine West and
these pants can I tell you it feels like
you're melted into your pants that's not
a right description but it doesn't even
feel like you're wearing pants they feel
light as air if that makes any sense
they're very light they're not heavy
even and it has a high waisted band at
the top I can show you so it has the
high waisted band at the top and that's
not tight or anything it just feels very
light and airy it doesn't feel heavy but
I feel more comfortable in this dress
having these pants underneath and so I
just paired that with a knee boot and
this is what this outfit looks like
[Music]
and so this is the last two pieces that
were in my bag one was this cardigan
sweater and I thought hey I could pair
it with dark denim jeans but I have a
dark denim skirt that I absolutely love
it's actually a dress but I absolutely
love to wear it it's the right length
for me and then I had some taupe shoes
that kind of are almost the same color
as the sweater and then I just paired it
with the scarf that came in this
mustardy color scarf that I really do
like it's kind of a lighter brown but I
think it goes okay
with the sweater for sure so I'm going
to show you this one
[Music]
and so my absolute honest opinion about
this sweater I mean it comes down
whistling but I just put I have a
preference to wear them pushup that's
just a personal preference but I love
the feel so far everything that I've
tried on has felt amazing it's really
comfortable when I saw it I was like
this is gonna be my new favorite pieces
like my go-to piece for everything that
I do and I love scarves they make me
feel very classy very elegant
you could also probably pair the other
jewelry piece with this as well but I
love this sweater it is probably one of
my favs is probably probably liked it
more than I like the burgundy
off-the-shoulder shirt just because it's
so chic EEMA it's comfortable but it
looks elegant you can pair it with
several things
now I've paired a couple of their items
with items I already had just to show
versatility and how these items can mesh
very well with the items that you
already have so here's this outfit
so here's my honest opinion
remember when nadine west reached out to
me they did not pay me anything for my
opinion they sent me the items to try
and to give them my honest review and
this is my honest review I absolutely
love the items that I got from Nadine
West I do think that they pegged my
style but I also think that they sent a
piece or two that I would not normally
have tried and because I've wanted to
try them specifically the
off-the-shoulder shirt and I've never
worn like the jogger pants because I am
my apple shape and I don't feel very
comfortable in my apple shape this but
the pieces that they sent very much fit
my body tight and my body style and it
made me feel good about me now I feel
good about me as a general rule but
those pieces or these pieces helped me
to feel much better about my body
situation the current weight loss that
I'm going through this journey and I
felt pretty and I feel like somebody on
the other end of the computer cared
about my choices and the things that I
would wear and they sent things that
were versatile so if you only want to
order a shirt because you have a nice
pair of denim jeans or you have a nice
dress and you just need a wrap or maybe
you just need an accessory I think that
the program that Nadine west offers is a
great program for you to be able to go
onto their website
and customize your order now someone
styled me but you can take the quiz and
have them style you or you can pick your
own personal items so I like that
versatility about their website as well
the individuals that I
with were easy to access it was a simple
email we email back and forth it was
they were very open to what I had to say
about how I felt my style was and I
don't think that they pushed anything
off on me they let me take the quiz and
I just answered the questions as
truthfully as I could and this is the
results and what I received in my
package the packaging is excellent I
think they took much care to put
everything together
I think they cared about the customer
Shakima when they put my stuff together
so I love this I've never done a
subscription box before and I may decide
to do one now I'm not real sure we'll
see how it goes you know it's always
about the budget at my house but anyway
what they're offering for my subscribers
is for the next 30 days from the day
this video goes live
[Music]
Oh
why don't you tell me I have my baby I
have multiple baby
if you do around
[Music]
thank you for stopping by and so until
the next time we drift we unbox we
reveal we cook whatever we do around
here
bye